Brave 10 - Before the Warring States era came to a close, legend has it that Yukimura Sanada has been gathering ten warriors known as Sanada's Brave 10, who have the power to change history.
Cowboy Bebop - The Bebop crew is just trying to make a buck. This motley lot of intergalactic loners teams up to track down fugitives and turn them in for cold hard cash. Spike is a hero whose cool façade hides a dark and deadly past. The pilot Jet is a bruiser of a brute who can’t wait to collect the next bounty. Faye Valentine is a femme fatale prone to breaking hearts and separating fools from their money. Along for the ride are the brilliant, but weird, hacker Ed and a super-genius Welsh Corgi named Ein.
Heavy Object - In the future, the world is divided into hundreds of warring nations that fight with advanced technology known as Objects. With the capacity to annihilate an opposing militia in seconds, these massive weapons have turned battles between men into warfare between machines. The world is locked in an arms race that is until two rookie soldiers, Qwenthur Barbotage and Havia Winchell, manage to take down an enemy Object with nothing more than their wits. But their achievement earns no rest. Now the government wants to deploy them around the world on more impossible missions! Fortunately, they won't go at it alone. On their side is a first-generation Object piloted by the beautiful Milinda Brantini, and their fiery commanding officer, Frolaytia Capistrano. While Havia avoids discipline from Frolaytia's heeled boots, Qwenther finds himself rescuing Milinda from a tight spot or two. Together, their team takes on unforeseen enemies including those among their ranks.
High School Fleet - Living by the sea, protecting the sea, and journeying across the sea…They’re the BLUE MERMAIDS! Because of a shift in tectonic plates around 100 years ago, Japan lost much of its area to submergence. To preserve Japan’s territories, Coastal Cities sprung up, one after the other. Eventually, they became Marine Cities, and along with the expansion of sea-lanes to connect them, the need arose for a sizable staff to protect the seas. At the same time, maritime jobs were becoming more popular among women. Hence, the BLUE MERMAIDS had become every female student’s dream job.
Interviews with Monster Girls - Succubi, dullahans, snow women and vampires... We're a little different from humans and called "demi-humans." Lately, we've been called "demis." This is a stimulating and heartful school demi-human comedy featuring those very unique "demis" and a high school teacher named Takahashi Tetsuo, who's highly interested in learning more about their daily lives and habits.
Log Horizon - One day, while playing the online game Elder Tales, 30,000 players suddenly find themselves trapped in another world. There, eight-year veteran gamer Shiroe also gets left behind. The trapped players are still alive, but they remain in combat with the monsters. The players don't understand what has happened to them, and they flee to Akiba, the largest city in Tokyo, where they are thrown into chaos. Once proud of his loner lifestyle, Shiroe forms a guild called Log Horizon with his old friend Naotsugu, female assassin Akatsuki and others.
Love Hina - Keitaro and his childhood sweetheart make a promise to be accepted at and to meet each other at the prestigous Toudai University before she moved out of his life. About a decade later, Keitaro has become an artist and a daydreamer, having ranked 27th from the last in the national practice exam. When his grandmother leaves the all-girls dormitory, he becomes the residential manager and soon meets up with two Todai applicants who may have been that sweetheart, since he's forgotten her name. Then there the other tenants like young Shinobu who was in despair until Keitaro helped her, Motoko the swordsmaster who sees men as evil distractions, Su Kaolo the genius child inventor and the sneaky Kitsune.
No Game No Life - They are both NEETs and Hikikomoris… but on the internet, the genius gamer siblings Sora and Shiro are known as the undefeatable “__” (blank). Sora and Shiro’s talents and skills are so abnormally good they are considered as urban legend. One day a young boy Teto appears before them, claiming to be “One’s Lord”.
Sword Art Online I/II - In the near future, a Virtual Reality Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (VRMMORPG) called Sword Art Online has been released where players control their avatars with their bodies using a piece of technology called: Nerve Gear. One day, players discover they cannot log out, as the game creator is holding them captive unless they reach the 100th floor of the game's tower and defeat the final boss. However, if they die in the game, they die in real life. Their struggle for survival starts now...
